VAULT-45468: add page for RAR (#2735)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/concepts/native-ai-agent-support/overview.mdx

While not recommended, making RAR optional can be useful when your identity provider does not support RAR or during a migration period.

You can configure RAR constraint settings in two ways:

1. Set `optional_authorization_details` to `true` in the OAuth resource server configuration.

> 2. Set `optional_authorization_details` to `true` in the agent registration.

Reviewer: `1.` is fine in numbered list. See the [style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/markdown/fonts-and-formats.md#use-1-for-every-item-in-an-ordered-list).

```suggestion
1. Set `optional_authorization_details` to `true` in the agent registration.
```

Author: Thank you @yhyakuna ! I've updated the ordered lists in the pages to use `1.`

You can make RAR optional in one of two ways:

1. Set `optional_authorization_details` to `true` on the OAuth resource server.

> 2. Set `optional_authorization_details` to `true` for the agent registration.

Reviewer 2: 👍🏻

RAR constraints narrow the access granted by ACL policies. For a request to succeed all of the following must be true:

1. The request path and operation must match at least one `path` and `capabilities` constraint in the RAR.
2. The ACL policy associated with the entity must permit the operation.

> 3. When a matching RAR constraint includes `allowed_parameters`, the request parameters must satisfy those constraints.

Reviewer: Based on the [style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/markdown/fonts-and-formats.md#use-1-for-every-item-in-an-ordered-list), use `1.` for numbered list.

```suggestion
1. The ACL policy associated with the entity must permit the operation.
1. When a matching RAR constraint includes `allowed_parameters`, the request parameters must satisfy those constraints.
```
